Move the XGBoost: RBDT path to C++ and drop RBDT ROOT I/O (#22972)
root-project/root: README/ReleaseNotes/v642/index.md

* The inclusion by external projects of Makefile templates contained within ROOT is deprecated in 6.42, a warning will be raised if you use them. These files will be removed in ROOT 7.
* The conversion from Python set to **RooArgSet** is deprecated and won't work anymore in ROOT 6.44. The problem is that Python sets are unordered while RooArgSets are ordered, and this mismatch can lead to subtle problems later on. Prefer conversion from Python lists or tuples, which are ordered too.
* The ROOT IO capability for the `TMVA::Experimental::SOFIE::RModel` has been removed. Users should not be encouraged to serialize models in experimental classes. For the serialization of ONNX models one can already use ONNX directly, and even serialize the ONNX bytes to a ROOT file if required.

> * The ROOT IO capability for the `TMVA::Experimental::RBDT` class has been removed, along with the `TMVA.Experimental.SaveXGBoost` Python function. Users should not be encouraged to serialize models in experimental classes. An `RBDT` is now built directly from an XGBoost model in its native JSON serialization with the new `TMVA::Experimental::RBDT::LoadXGBoost(jsonPath)`, which works both from C++ and Python. To convert a trained model, save it first with XGBoost's `Booster.save_model("model.json")` and then load it with `LoadXGBoost`.

Reviewer: A small suggestion, the current phrasing sounds more like a prescription for developers than for users.

```suggestion
* The ROOT IO capability for the `TMVA::Experimental::RBDT` class has been removed, along with the `TMVA.Experimental.SaveXGBoost` Python function. Experimental classes should not be persistified since their on-disk layout is not guaranteed to be stable. An `RBDT` is now built directly from an XGBoost model in its native JSON serialization with the new `TMVA::Experimental::RBDT::LoadXGBoost(jsonPath)`, which works both from C++ and Python. To convert a trained model, save it first with XGBoost's `Booster.save_model("model.json")` and then load it with `LoadXGBoost`.
```
